hey the Wisconsin doors have himself a
great race he started at 13
than anybody else so far Jeff Gordon
flapping his passport total cars enemy
weapon their response
you know the giri's Pappy every now this
journey gets a good laugh and gets up on
it but for some reason dirty just can't
laughter going by quickly already 23
laps have been completed by the race
leader
well the winners here so far this year
trip is one Davison has won
one on TV and you're wondering about
Jeff guard he's had consistent on five
finishes but not a main event victory
yet he continues to set the pace he
completes left number 25
Stefan just put on him
Tommi white by the way just drove off
the racetrack
last three weeks and much of the work
has been done
the last time he won on ESPN live
television it was on pay but he turns
and looks at the cameraman and says I
think you cut first does this kid know
where it is yeah I know he knows where
it is that's he's reasonably aware of
what's going on he's a happy man and
Steve as you pointed out there is double
gratification for him because he knows
not only to steer this race car but part
of its foundation came in his hands
talked to Jeff Gordon in just a few
moments here
Indiana
male Pontiac certainly built excitement
for Jeff Gordon tonight his power plant
carried him to first place Hank butcher
great race second sleepy trip a little
bit off in space a week ago he is third
Bob Davison another strong finish he's
one of our top contenders here this year
and Stan Fox is fifth and I guess the
best seat in the house so far tonight
here well really it better see that the
race were still joy he stood tall in the
cockpit during the competition he's
standing tall in the cockpit now and he
has that youthful exuberance he came in
he kept saying oh my oh my last week we
talked about the wild ride you had over
the cushion several laps up and turn
four you had it dialed in this evening
yeah well you know like I said last week
we worked the week before to get it to
get to that third place last week and we
just did the same thing this week and we
knew what it would get what it was going
to take if the cushion was anything like
it was last week and boy I'll tell you
the you know Bobby's helped us out a lot
got the car really going good I like to
thank him the crew who's your tires
Valvoline Pontiacs leather engineering
and millet Tech and SEC racing was you
know if it wasn't for them we would
never be right here in the winner's
circle is there any way that you can see
hand signals here at this racetrack no
way no way tonight I was just so pumped
up and so into it when you're on a
cushion like that you don't have time to
turn away and look somewhere else and I
just just kept my eyes going forward and
just kept looking for that checkered
flag congratulations
such maturity is only 18 years old we're
gonna try to come back and talk with
second place and third place just a
night Thunder continues live Mass Pike
stay with us